Docker container running a UI which has connection with all traiding containers in the swarm.

This single contaner will process live data exposed on a port by the traiding containers

websocket will be used to stream data from tC to uiC.

an story will be added to the existing traiding souce which will collect a well defined set of general data
as well as data specific to different traiding algorithms.

it would be interesting to possibly alter the running configuration of the traiding algorithm in real time
I belive it would have to be a story which isolates vairables holding execution time configuration,
or possibly rexecute a method used to generate data from a variable so modifications to the configuration
may be possible at real time.

essential remote control operations on each tC including:
1. start traiding engine
    a. receive streaming data
2. open traiding wallet
    a. authentication with wallet
3. load strategy
4. load configuration
6. execute strategy -> monetize
7. terminate strategy
8. save/edit/duplicate/view statistics and results of strategy & configuration
9. close wallet (at any time to stop all traiding)
10. stop engine
11. backup engine

uiC will provide group functions for the above operations.  ie start [all] traiding engine will start the
traiding engine for every traiding engine in the swarm.  load [all] strategy MACD.  load [1] configuration [1]

the containers will be run

i need to start putting together these existing pieces of software and services scripting
their administration and provie to the customer some value.

Docker/Github/DockerCloud/Angular/Typescript/Node/AWS/Azure

user points their browser to https://crypto-face.com/user123 and logs in
user has configurable level of notifications sent to them via multiple platforms
    * SMS, IM, email, etc.
user has a beautiful dashboard with lots of bells and whistles, gadgets to play and interact with
but most importantly entertain the user, let them feel like they are engaging with technology and
making money using technology.  the dream job for a large portion of low income americans.  get them 
into low cost crypto so they have a lot to play with.  give them help to explain what an indicator is,
a strategy, a candlestick, a trade, a market, and a quote.  everything they can very easily learn and
feel smart about.  then give them good strategies that we can remote configure and update (which they
allow in the tos) we reveive trading data from their trades, essentially we can run a single UI with
access to every uiC.  

we charge the computing cost and $9.95 auto billed monthly.  we advertise, hold conventions, talks,

we provide something the customer will enjoy doing - who dosen't enjoy the excitement of looking
at your device to see how much money you have made? 